Additional information for the Cloudflare component (#11374)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/cloudflare.markdown

ha_release: 0.74
---

> With the `cloudflare` integration you can keep your Cloudflare records up to date. This integration uses python package [pycfdns](https://github.com/ludeeus/pycfdns) developed by [Joakim Sørensen](https://github.com/ludeeus).

Reviewer: We don't mention the dependencies a integration has. This is tracked in the `manifest.json` file. Please remove it.

Author: Sure

  required: true
  type: string
zone:
  description: The DNS zone (domain) you want to update.
  required: true
  type: string
records:

>   description:  A list of records (subdomains) you want to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A list of records (subdomains) you want to update.
```

  required: true
  type: list
{% endconfiguration %}

## Additional information

### Usage of external service

This platform uses the API from [ipify.org](https://www.ipify.org/) to set the public IP address.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### API Key

Please note that the `api_key` is the [global API key](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200167836-Managing-API-Tokens-and-Keys#12345682) of your Cloudflare account (not the API Token).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Home Assistant Companion App

If you would like to use [iOS App](https://companion.home-assistant.io/) via Cloudflare set **Minimum TLS version as 1.2**, in order to do that, do the following:
1. Login to your [Cloudflare](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) account.
2. Choose your domain.
3. Click on icon `SSL/TLS`.
4. Go to tab `Edge Certificates`.
5. Find `Minimum TLS Version` and set it to **1.2**.

Other settings should not cause any issues.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### SSH over Cloudflare

For SSH usage (according to [this](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-now-supporting-more-ports/) source), you need to connect directly to your server (bypassing Cloudflare). To do that create a `CNAME` DNS record, e.g., `ssh.example.com`, with proxy status as "DNS only" (to do that click on orange icon, it will change color to gray) and then connect to `ssh.example.com` using your server SSH port.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Using Cloudflare domain only for the Home Assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Cloudflare domain only for Home Assistant
```

> If you want to update just a main domain, place in the records list only your domain, e.g. `example.com`. It will update your `A` DNS record with your IP every hour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to update just a main domain, place in the records list only your domain, e.g., `example.com`. It will update your `A` DNS record with your IP every hour.
```

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry for one domain
cloudflare:
  email: YOUR_EMAIL_ADDRESS
  api_key: YOUR_GLOBAL_API_KEY
  zone: EXAMPLE.COM
  records:
    - EXAMPLE.COM
```

> #### A mininum DNS record settings are (if you have set up https already):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The minimum DNS record settings (if you have set up HTTPS already):
```

To redirect from your domain to the IP address of your Home Assistant server set this DNS record:

> ```

Reviewer 2: Missing language tag on the code fenced block. Also, a fenced code block should be prepended by an empty line.

Type: A
Name: @
IPv4 Address: your.ip.address

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

You can find your current IP address using [this](https://api.ipify.org/) page.

> In order to redirect from `https://www` to `https://` you need to set this DNS record:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to redirect from `https://www` to `https://` you need to set this DNS record:

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Missing language tag on the code fenced block. Also, a fenced code block should be prepended by an empty line.

Type: CNAME
Name: @
Target: example.com (your actual domain)
```

And also create Page Rule:

> ```

Reviewer 2: Missing language tag on the code fenced block. Also, a fenced code block should be prepended by an empty line.
